d:\users\минин\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe.config
d:\users\минин\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe
d:\users\минин\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.pdb
d:\users\минин\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.MainForm.resources
d:\users\минин\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\минин\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\минин\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe
d:\users\минин\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.pdb
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.UserForm.resources
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.CalendarForm.resources
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.SettingsForm.resources
d:\users\Минин\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe.licenses
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe.config
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.pdb
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.pdb
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.CalendarForm.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.MainForm.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.SettingsForm.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.UserForm.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_08\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe.licenses
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe.config
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.pdb
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.pdb
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.CalendarForm.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.MainForm.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.SettingsForm.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.UserForm.resources
d:\2\BirthdayMainModuleC#_09\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe.config
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.pdb
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.pdb
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Drawing.xml
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.2.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v15.2.Core.resources.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.CalendarForm.resources
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.MainForm.resources
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.SettingsForm.resources
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.UserForm.resources
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.RemindForm.resources
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\BirthdayMainModule\BirthdayMainModule\obj\Debug\BirthdayMainModule.exe.licenses
